>> Good afternoon. I'm really pleased to introduce
Kaj Ahlmann. Kaj is a big supporter of Six
Sigma Process and he was implementing Six
Sigma in General Electric for many years.
And he decided to use his experience in the
wine business, and in 1999, he purchased a
piece of land and started growing wine and
making perfect wine using Six Sigma principles
which always was a mystery for me. So, Kaj
is here to talk to us about how he does it
and any interesting details about that. Please
welcome Kaj Ahlmann.
>> AHLMANN: Thank you very much, Dennis, and
thank you very much for those of you who came
here. There will be two sections, we will
talk a little bit about Six Sigma and how
we use it in the wine business and then we
will taste the product so you can see that
it actually works. But first a question, how
many of you know anything about Six Sigma?
Any black belts, any green belts, any master
black belts? I just want to know how much
you know about it and get a feel for the audience.
The next thing...
>> AHLMANN: Okay. Great. The next important
question is how many of you know how to make
wine? Oh, that's more serious, huh? Really?
Something about it?
>> We also harvest.
>> AHLMANN: Wow. That's a real practitioner.
Well, let's get on with--what I plan to do
is to talk a little a bit about how we created
the company, then talk a little bit about
the product we have, then gradually take you
through the process of making wine and then,
finally, show you a little bit about how we
put the Six Sigma Processes around it. The
company was created in '99. We bought 4,300
acres in the northern part of California,
up north of Napa Valley. It was an old cattle
ranch and we decided to start to develop some
vineyards, not all of it because we were shooting
for high class wines so, and not mass production.
And by now, we have received a lot of good
press. We have received some good ratings.
There's a professional magazine for Six Sigma
folks called iSixSigma, it goes to all what
they call belts in corporate America and we've
been featured there a couple of times. The
last month, there was a big article about
how we used some of the principles and they
come out and visit us and use us as a test
case. We are a pretty interesting test case
for Six Sigma, not that we are perfect Six
Sigma at this stage, but we have structured
the company as a Six Sigma company. Most other
companies are companies that have been around
for a number of years, and when they get into
Six Sigma, they have to start to break things
up in the old tradition of the company; they
can't build it from scratch, so we've been
lucky that way. It has been a little easier
for us. I'll talk a little more about that
when we get to that. But our vision for the
company is to create exceptional wine, but
we don't see it just as wine; we see wine
as an experience. It's not just about having
a glass of wine, it's maybe coming to the
ranch, sitting in a nice spot and having a
nice meal or whatever it is, whatever your
experience is. But we are selling an--of course,
we have to make a good wine, but we think
we are selling an experience, not just another
bottle of wine. We offer education. We have
put a conservation easement on the ranch.
We protect the land so it will stay as a natural,
national park basically. And we also spend
a lot of time on improving the land and offering
education, environmental education to kids
in the area because we think it's very important
that kids grow up as good stewards of the
land going forward. There's so much going
on in the world today so, if you can chip
in and do a little education for the children;
that would work really well. The strategy
is to consistently produce high quality wine,
and that is, right out of the core of Six
Sigma because you all know the lock, the normal
curve and the standard deviation and the last
thing you want when you produce something
of quality is to have too much standard deviation
in there. And, when you add the six-level
with the standard deviation, well, you have
very little deviation from where you want
to be, so that is one of the core things that
we look at. But let me talk a little bit about
what I find is very important in the Six Sigma
world. The two keywords up there, the first
one is focus on your customer and the other
one is to think process. If you think about
most traditional corporations in the world
or in North America, they are structured the
old fashion way with departments or silos
and they have a hierarchy, and they produce
something, and then they spent millions of
dollars in promoting that to the marketplace.
When you are in the Six Sigma world, you try
to understand what your customer wants, and
then you design your company internally with
processes that are geared to meet what is
critical for that customer. We failed it big
time, and let me just get forward to the next
slide. When we move from the manufacturing
side at General Electric to financial services,
half of General Electric is financial services
and while it's easy to measure a defect or
something that is not right in manufacturing,
I mean, we, here we are truly a company that
are making sticks and the sticks have to be
two feet long, and if they're not two feet
long but deviate from that you have a defect,
everybody can understand that. But what is
a defect in a financial service company, a
bank, an insurance company? And we went out
and we started to focus on the customer, we
interviewed the customer; it doesn't sound
like a novel idea but trust me, for many financial
institutions it is. They produce something
and then they try to force people to buy it.
So, we talked, for example, to automobile
customers. Automobile customers will tell
you, listen, guys, basically, we don't want
to talk to you, guys, because we don't like
insurance, we don't like insurance companies.
But there's one moment of tension where we
have to talk to insurance companies and that's
when we have a claim. And what is critical
for us when we have a claim, two very basic
things and now I'll exaggerate a little bit,
but the first one is that when they call you
with this claim to report it, you pick up
the phone because we are frustrated. We want
to talk to somebody who knows how to handle
a claim. The second thing that is critical
to quality for the customer in that process
is that we pay them pretty fast. If you have
a claim of $3,000, you don't want to negotiate
with the legal department for six months about
whether it's 2,800 or 3,200, you just want
a check within 48 hours and get it over and
done with, get on with your life and forget
that you even have an insurance company. So
those are--that's the voice of the customer
in this process here. When it comes to the
grape business, we, we'll get back to the
sorting of grapes and a number of other things.
But we started to introduce that in the business
and I'll talk to you about the voice of the
customer because it's a lot more difficult.
I could go around here and ask each and every
one of you what is important for you as a
wine customer and I'll probably get 14 different
answers, I guess, because you have different
views on what's important. Let me just get
back because I skipped one little step here.
The message at the bottom here, DMAIC: define,
measure, analyze, improve and control, that's
another corner stone of the Six Sigma process.
Whenever you do something, you go back and
then you try to analyze what you really did
and then you improve it again until you get
to the right level. It's common sense, but
what really make Six Sigma work is that you
get data around the different steps in the
process so you can measure whether you made
the improvements you were talking about. Let's
talk a little bit about the product and let's
talk about what I mentioned to you, the voice
of the customer. There are a lot of different
criteria; some people will tell you it's price.
I have an old friend, he's retired now. He
loves wine, he drinks wine every day and I
said to him, "Mike, what's important for you
when you buy a bottle of wine?" He says, "Well,
if it's just me and my wife, I will not pay
more than $15 for a bottle of wine, so that's
my quality criteria for wine. If we have visitors
over dinner, I would go up to $25 and I buy
a recognized brand." And I said, "Why do you
that?" "Well, I don't want to be criticized.
I want to feel safe." And that's an interesting
thing about the wine because some people are
uncomfortable with the wine, they don't feel
that they know enough unless you make it yourself,
of course, to branch out and try something
so they will play safe, and that's a very
good criteria. I would say however that I
would drink the $25 bottle with my wife and
give the $15 bottle to my friends, but that
would be my criteria. The other criteria is
here, people say wine is an experience, sit
with a good bottle of Cabernet in front of
the fireplace on a cold evening. Or, sit under
a tree somewhere, the wine tastes a lot better
if you have a good friend, so there are a
lot of different things. We have talked about
the price, we've talked about the taste, it's
a tough one because that's up to you. The
only thing we can try to do is to make wine
without any flaws in it from a technical point
of view, and then we can try to cover a wide
spectrum, so we have something for different
segments of wine drinkers. Then we also use
a lot of research; the Wine Market Council
does research in restaurants with sommelliers,
with the consumers, use all the normal interview
companies like Nielsn Studies and stuff like
that. We use taste evaluation programs and
we do a lot of reviews for our wine clubs
because they are close to us and they are
normally willing to talk about the wines.
Today, we have seven different wines on the
market and we can do elaborate tasting notes,
but what we've done here is, basically, we
started with a couple of the whites then over
the light Rose' to a Pinot Noir down to a
Bordeaux-style, we call it Cuvée Pique-Nique
and the Cabernet, and then the heavier guys
at the bottom,the Cabernet Sauvignon and the
Tempranillo. And the releases we have, three
wines in '06, '07, we had five and in '08,
we had them all seven on the market place.
But, you can see there are different flavors,
different styles. These two guys, they have
spent two years in oak, the French oak barrels.
This one has literally no oak because the
people prefer without that, the two whites
is one with oak and one without. And we have
people coming in stating their criteria for
what they want to try and taste, so that's
our way of getting closer to the voice of
the customer. I'll only admit that it's the
toughest thing, we work on it every day and
we get more and more analysis from the customers.
Let's talk a little bit about the market place
of wine and where our focus is in that, before
we get into the actual wine making process.
And today, Italy is still the biggest wine
consumer in the world with 16% of all wine
consumed; United States is catching up fast.
The last year was for reasons that we all
know a little downturn, but strangely enough,
the forecast was an increase every year over
the next couple of years of 8%. So far, we
are 4.7 this year despite the downturn, so
it's still moving. And what is happening in
the U.S. is that the consumers are getting
a more normal attitude to wine like they have
in the Mediterranean part of the world where
you have a glass of wine with your dinner.
It's not some, the wine is not something you
drink on special occasions, when you drink
maybe a lot of it and then you don't drink
it for a long period of time. It becomes more
part of the day to day culture for a lot of
people. We are very focused on our segmentation
because of our name Six Sigma, we really focus
on corporate America and get it into companies
where they use Six Sigma, the Six Sigma Academy
which is the biggest training institution
in the world for Six Sigma people is working
with us. I'm on the advisory board and I help
them in various segments of the business,
so that's a strong hitch for us, and it's
a little different from what other wineries
do. Some people sometimes say that by using
Six Sigma are we trying to take the romance
out of the business. Actually, I think that
making wine lends itself to Six Sigma because
a lot of things that you can measure in the
process. The other area is the direct to consumers,
where we focus on people who, of course, enjoy
wine and who are willing to pay a reasonable
price for a good bottle of wine, and who likes
the lifestyle that comes with drinking good
wine and who love to come in and spend time
with us on the land. About the market, you
have two lines here and this is, I think a
very interesting chart. The pink line shows
the production, or if you like the capacity
of the vineyards planted in California. The
blue line shows the consumption, and what
you see here is that when--there has been
an over production and the pink line crosses
the blue line, all the growers of grapes get
scared, so they pull back and stop planting
vineyard, and then that will be a deficit
of wine a couple of years later. It's normally
about a three years cycle, because when you
plant a vineyard it takes three years before
you get any fruit off it and during the first
year you only get one third of the fruit.
Give or take, the next year two thirds of
the fruit, and the, in the sixth, seventh
year you'll have full production. But you
can see how it moves up and down, and it takes
three years for the vineyard to catch up.
Right now, the vineyards are behind backed
by the last peak that you see there in 2006,
growers became very careful with planting,
and some wineries are not producing this year
because of the prices. So, the production,
or the inventory of wine will be behind in
the next two to three years. There'll be quite
a bit of scarcity, and I'm not saying that
they're trying to sell wines because I'm so
small that I can't feel the gap anyway. The
process of making wine. Let's do a pictorial
first, the best soil for red grapes are red
volcanic soils as you find them up in Northern
California where you have at least three volcanoes.
You have Mount Saint Helena, you have Mount
Konocti and you have Cap Mountain in our area.
The problem with the red soils is that they
have a lot of rocks, so sometimes it's not
enough to just to rip the soil. We rip the
soils with big Caterpillar Dozers five feet
down so we could stake it and put in our irrigation,
but sometimes we have to bring in the big
hammer to get the rocks out. We pull out the
rocks the size of a car sometimes, but that
is soil that really drains well. The fertility
is not too high and it works really well for
the red grapes. Then you stake your vineyard,
you plant it and then you take good care of
it for three years, starts to look like that,
and then finally you get to your first harvest
and you are very happy because maybe one day
you'll get some return for all of your hard
work, but that was the first truck of Timpanio
grape that we took off that vineyard in 2005.
Then you get to the winery, and one of the
things we get back to when we talk about the
production of wine is the consistency. So,
we spend a lot of time making sure that we
have very consistent fruit. If you go out
into the vineyard you will see all kinds of
clusters hanging there. Maybe some sunburn,
maybe some bird damage, maybe some overripening,
maybe some underripening, but once your grapes
are getting off the final sorting table here
and hit the crusher that breaks the skin open
before fermentation, you want to make sure
that you have complete consistency in what
you use as a base. Then, after you've crushed
the grapes, you pump them over into these
tanks here, the fermentation tanks; they are
stainless steel so you can keep it absolutely
clean. And they also have what you call a
jacket, you can barely see these little boxes
here, but we can go in and punch in the temperature
to make sure that it's constant during fermentation,
and we can also control that remotely now.
So, anywhere in the world you can go in on
a laptop and check and adjust and do whatever
you have to do to the wine. With the red wines,
the high-end wines, we store them in French
oak barrels and we do that for two years,
we have a little cave on the ranch where we
do that. We, of course, take care of it during
that process, taste it, analyze it, make sure
that everything is going right, and then finally
we bottle it. So, now you can make wine at
least at the high level. Let's try to put
a few Six Sigma processes around this, because
the main processes, and I said to you, we
have organized the company along Six Sigma
processes and basically the three processes.
The grape growing, the farming or whatever
you want to call it, the first section of
it. The second one is the actual wine making
after you get the fruit to the winery. And
the last process is the wine selling, the
marketing, the public relationships and whatever
it goes with that. And we have three process
owners at the winery, one for each of these
major steps here. Let's try to break it down
even further. If we look at the first step,
the farming side, the first thing you do is
to do your research. You go out and you monitor
the climate for at least a year, you do all
the soil reports, and you dig down and check
both the chemical and the physical aspects
of it. You check the elevation; you look at
the aspect which way it's faced. Is it facing
northeast or southwest, and you also start
to talk how you want to direct your rows.
We use some NASA computer models for that
because we want the same sun exposure on both
sides, again back to consistency of the fruit.
So, once you do all that, you'll check the
water and temperature and stuff like that.
One important thing about temperature is the
month of April because that's the month when
you get the bock [ph] break and if you get
frost in--during bock [ph] break, you can
lose most of your crop. There were a couple
of big vineyards in Napa Valley lost 80% of
all their crops last year which of course
is a disaster. Then you go in a new stock
to prepare your vineyard, you select the kind
of clones you want and given the soil composition,
you can adjust the growth by selecting different
root stocks. Every vine is crusted on a root
stock and that happened originally because
there were some serious attacks on, on vineyards
with various diseases like phylloxera. So,
people started to find root stocks that were
resistant to that, and with that also came
different kinds of root stocks that had different
capabilities when it came to taking out of
the soil when they had to take out, so we
use that a lot. And let me drill down even
further and give you a couple of examples,
here's a more detailed breakdown of the processes
and [INDISTINCT] research where we'll do the
temperature of the soil and all that good
stuff and that goes into a SIPOC process in
the Six Sigma language supplier input process,
output customer, and that's where the process
is taking. Every process has a supplier and
you have some output that goes to the next
customer in the chain which is the next process
step until it finally reaches the ultimate
customer, and that's why it's so important
to think process when you think Six Sigma
because you have to have all your process
steps aligned, so one feeds into the next
one and you measure that you're offering the
right level all the way through. A lot of
big companies stepping away form the wine
business for example, have discovered that
once they start to do that, they have a lot
of processes that they don't need, they just
used to do them. Some big banks did analysis
of their processes and it came out that they--40%
of what they did was basically redundant,
they had, it had just evolved over time and
it was not really used, so by cleaning it
up and streamlining the process, they saved
an awful lot of money. So, one of the steps
is the soil analysis, and we try to dig down
and get a physical profile of the dirt and
we avid out in different kinds of, of dirt
here at different layers. We stopped here
at this case, at 40 inches and we stopped
there because it was base rock, we couldn't
get down any further. We also stopped if we
know that two feet further down is going to
be exactly the same. And then we do a chemical
test ad then we decide how we can mediate,
if for example, the pH is too high or it needs
magnesium or whatever the thing is, we will
adjust for that. Or, we will decide that this
is not a site that can be used at all. There's
just too much to do. It's too far away from
where we, we normally would be. One chemical
that is critical is boron and we have sites
on the ranch where we just have too much boron
to even think about mediating. But in every
step, we get the data around the process and
then we decide whether we can get to the consistency
that we want in our production or whether
we want to do something else. And then we
have the usual dashboards where we, that's
the Six Sigma thing, you have dashboards for
everything so you could make sure you see
whether you arrive on or whether you are out
on the sides and of course we have numbers
around this as well. When it comes to the
wine making, I talk a little bit about the
sorting of the grapes which is very important,
and the way we do it is to send our workers
into the vineyard several times per year.
June, July we cut off the fruit where we can
see at that point in time that it's not going
to make it, the first harvest will normally
be at the end of August but it can stretch
into late fall. The night before harvest when
we feel that the fruit is ready and we have
done all the chemical analysis, we have done
the tasting in the vineyard, we will go in
and cut off fruit that doesn't look good and
then go bring it into the winery in small
bins; these are 40 pound bins to protect the
fruit so it doesn't get squeezed. And we will
put the clusters on a sorting table, pull
out leaves the stuff that doesn't look nice.
The next sorting table is more of a--after
the de-stemming is a shaking table so if there's
small unripe berries still around they will
shake out to a grid that fits that particular
grape type and then they'll go to a long sorting
table which hopefully I have a picture of
here and that's the one you've seen before
where we have ten people just picking out
the fruit before it hits the crusher at the
end and gets into the fermentation. So we
have very consistent fruit when we get to
that level. We train the sorters at the sorting
tables, so we make sure that they have the
same standards, because one sorter might think
that that's good enough but we actually compare
them and put them all in parallel and make
sure that we have the reliability in the sorting
of the fruit. When it gets into the chemical
part of the wine making, that's sort of, for
Six Sigma, the easy part because you have
all the things that, that you can measure
in the lab. The acidity, the sugar, the alcohol
and they use these one shots that I use a
lot in Six Sigma and you have your levels
for being with in Six Sigma, which a is basically
a standard deviation on both sides so, we
use these one shots for controlling all of
that. So far, I hope I've convinced you that
we are pretty careful of what we do and we
produce good wine, but we've had our issues,
so this is an example of where you don't want
to be and we have corrected it and it is a
couple of years old. But after the alcoholic
fermentation, you get the malolactic fermentation
and the malolactic fermentation transforms
malic acids into lactic acids and that's a
more mellow acid so if it does go that way,
you get a smoother wine, a nicer wine from
a, from a taste point of view, so, so it's
an attractive thing. The wine starts that
process itself, the issue with it is that
it can be very slow and it can attract a lot
of bacteria in the process, and if you do
that, you can get an infection in the wine
and you get a high VA, you can't control the
[INDISTINCT] acidity, so you get all over
the chart as you can see with the black curve
here, we want to be within the red, but we
were basically outside and if you don't stop
that, you can stop it but the wine turns into
vinegar and you certainly don't want that
to happen because that was not the business
we were set out to do. The last process is
the sale of the wine, and in the, the alcohol
business in the U.S. is heavily regulated.
It goes back to Prohibition where the government
said that you have to go through wholesalers
in different areas. You could not go directly
to customers and you need a license per state
and you need a wholesaler per state or you
need it. A couple of years ago the Supreme
Court said that that was unconstitutional,
so now some of the states are opening up and
today, we can use brokers, we can use wholesalers,
we can sell directly to corporation, we can
sell directly to consumers and we do that
through the tasting room for our wine crop
and to our website of course and we try to
manage all that. The most interesting thing
for us is the website because on the website
we can track the data, we, these are old data
so it's small for illustrative purposes, but
you can really track consumers' behavior and
we use one of your tools to analyze the data
here and in an extreme helpful. But you can
see on the website where they go, how they
behave and what to adjust and we are in the
process now of updating our website according
to the data we got out of that. Right now,
we get a lot of traffic because of the Six
Sigma name. We have traffic from 79 countries
around the world and that's okay. But, of
course, we don't expect Six Sigma users, of
the process Six Sigma in India to buy wine
online and have a trip to India for five times
the price of the wine. So, it's okay they
get on but that's not whom we want to cater
to. We really need to drill down and understand
how we sell wine and that's what we're going
now so that's one of our improvement projects.
We have two black belts working on that. Here
are a couple of things that we stand for.
We think that having a 4,300 acre ranch is
a wonderful experience for everybody. We are
building a "bed and breakfast" out there so
people can come and stay for a long weekend,
do hiking, riding or whatever they want to
do. We also market heavily our Black Belt
ideas to corporations like shirts, and what
have you. We really try to put data around
all our processes and we focus on the outdoor
experience. We still have a lot of work to
do. We still have to improve a number of our
processes. And we still have to work on the
training of the people. One of the things
that we said from the beginning is that we
will train people in the Six Sigma process
thinking and the way to do business; but we
are not General Electric by any measurement.
It's more important for us that people understand
the culture and the whole concept behind Six
Sigma and the quality concept than it is that
they hand in five projects and gets marked
off and say, "Well, now, you're Green Belt."
It's a thinking, it's a corporate culture
of producing quality that is important to
us. So, yes, we train people but we don't
test them as such. Myself, I'm--my master
degree is mathematical statistics so, I have
the training that is needed for it. But I
think it's important to understand that the
three keys for us is to focus on the customer,
that we think Six Sigma and everything we
do and we will continuously try to improve
our processes in every step. And here are
some of our wines and some of our products
and some of the key buzz words. Thank you
very much for listening. And if you have any
questions, I'll try to answer them. Or we
can proceed and taste some wine.
>> So you were discussing, you know, we have
standards for, you know, soil consistency
and grape size and you know, ripeness and
things like that. I'm curious how you came
up with those? You know, as you said, "It's
not like you need a two foot log, you know,
you need a wine at the end." So, where do
you go about benchmarking for the different
steps in the process?
>> AHLMANN: I think the best way to answer
is to pick an example. And, for example, before
we harvest, we run lab results, we take some
grapes that we pick at random across the vineyard
and we want to make sure that they are within
certain parameters. So, there's one measurement
that you do called "Bricks", it's named after
a professor who invented the—a way to measure
sugar and juice. And you want to make sure
that you have enough sugar to produce the
alcohol level as an example. So, depending
on the style of wine you want, you say, "Well,
it probably has to be between 24, 23 to 28
for the heavy Zinfandel, something like that.
So, you know that per grape. But that's not
quite enough because the sugar tells you something
but you also have to make sure that you get
other things in the—in the final wine. So,
what we will do after we have acidity breaks
and a couple of other things in the juice,
we will go in and we will at random pick grapes
from across the vineyard and we will taste
them. And we basically go after two things
when we do that tasting. We crush the seeds
between our teeth and of course, it have to
be brown because they're not ripe unless they're
brown, but we also taste them. And if there's
the slightest touch of bitterness, they're
not ready. But you can measure that--well,
some new things coming out, well, maybe you
can. But, when you try to measure that or
taste that a couple of times, you know exactly
whether it's right or wrong. So, it's like
zero, one. The other thing you try to do when
you taste the grapes at the end is to crush
the skin and see if there's any flavors coming
out of that because that flavor that translates
to the wine is the last thing that happens
with the grapes before you pick them. When
it comes to the soils, they're very exact--I
mentioned boron is something you don't want
and there's a very exact limits for when it
starts to damage the wine. And my son is sitting
down there; he could probably answer this
better because he is into the vidiculture
side of it. But if you, for example, in an
area have too much or too little magnesium,
not within where you want to be, you can just--if
you fly up in a helicopter and look down at
the vineyard, you can see it. It just affects
the growth that much. Was that a good enough
answer, son? Okay, I passed.
>> What's your production, your yearly production?
>> AHLMANN: Right now, we, at around 7,000
cases and we have enough planted to get up
to close to 10,000 for now. We have a two-year
old vineyard, it goes to 20 acres that will
kick into the first year of production next
year.
>> Are you
on [INDISTINCT] Mount or Red Hills or...?
>> AHLMANN: We are just in between the Red
Hills and Cup Mountain.
>> Hi, great presentation. When you present
your methods to be more traditional wine makers,
have you got any reactions out of them and
if so what, positive, negative, bewildered?
>> AHLMANN: That's a good question. Well,
first of all, I've tested it on my own wine
maker before I went public with it. But it's
a balance between talking about the wine making
and talking about Six Sigma. As I said upfront,
people like it because it's a Six Sigma Company
from the beginning to the end. It's built
that way, and that's a good test case. And
then, also, when I speak to corporations or
I've done a lot of presentations, some presentations
to the Department of Defense lately, you know,
we finished off with the wine tasting and
that has some attraction. But from a technical
point of view, some wine makers like to make
it a little more romantic. And--but, you know,
I would argue that what we just discussed
with the seed and the skin, that's science.
You have data around it. If you have the right
pattern and you've tried it a couple of times
you know exactly how that should be. Another
example is I mentioned that the making process
where you define measure and try to improve
what you're doing; we taste with our barrel
makers. You saw those French oak barrels,
every year about five years into the storage
and we say, "Well, there's too much of that
kind of oak and too little of that one, we
want a little more vanilla, for example, so
we need more of that kind of oak, so could
you replace a couple of staves next year?
And people would say that that romantic nonsense.
But if you have a wine maker with a really
good palate, it's like a measurement tool.
He knows exactly, he can--a good wine maker
can--I sometimes use the analogy that, remember
the old days, very old days when people have
cameras with rolls of films in them, and you
took the picture and you had an impression,
but the wine maker develops the film for you
and says, "Well, this is what you're tasting;"
this is why. And he can do that. And then,
you have all of a sudden data that you can
work on and you can start to change and improve
your process. Do you have a question as well?
>> [INDISTINCT]
>> AHLMANN: Okay. Anybody else? Well, let's
try some wine.
>> Thank you.
>> AHLMANN: You're welcome.